README.md, before:

### Live Preview
![image](https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/assets/98728916/91480dd7-a187-4a10-aae8-fdff9dd22904)


# 🤎Brewtopia🤎
<p align='left'>
 <p align='left'>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/stargazers'><img alt='Stars' src='https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/forks'><img alt='Forks' src='https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/blob/main/LICENSE'><img alt='License' src='https://img.shields.io/github/license/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
 </p>
</p>

Brewtopia, a MERN stack-powered cafe management platform. Seamlessly add coffee and tea blends to your cart, with secure checkout and swift delivery. Join a tech-savvy community, leverage personalized recommendations, and elevate your cafe experience with our cutting-edge MERN architecture. Explore, code, and brew with Brewtopia!

Check it out live at https://brewtopia.netlify.app/

## Contributing Guidelines
- The contributors _will be allowed to work on the issue **ONLY** after it has been assigned to them_.
- The contributions will be counted only for the time period of the event, after the time period ends contributions can be taken in but wont be counted for the final evaluation.
- Tampering or any unethical behaviour to the files or other participants will result in immediate disqualification.
- Each PR must be associated with only ONE issue.
- Don't open pull requests with minor text edits on other people's repositories.
- Don't create multiple issue request for one issue.

### _**❌ Your code making any errors in production will result in pr revert**_
### _**✅ Test by yourself in local environment before making a pr**_

## Getting Started

To run this application on your local machine, follow the steps below:

### 1. Fork the Repository

Fork the repository on GitHub by clicking the "Fork" button on the top right of the repository page. This creates a copy of the repository under your GitHub account.

### 2. Clone the Forked Repository

Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:your-username/Brewtopia.git
```

### 3. Navigate to the Client Directory

Change into the project directory using the following command:

```bash
cd client
```
### 4. Make .env file below is the Example

```bash
REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:5000
```

### 5. Install dependencies

Install the project dependencies by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

or

```bash
yarn install
```

### 6. Run the Client Application

```bash
npm start
```

### 7. Now, Navigate to the Server Directory

```bash
cd server
```

### 8. Make .env file below is the Example

```bash
PORT = 5000
DB =  YOUR_MONGODB_TESTING_URL
RAZORPAY_API_KEY = YOUR_API_KEY
RAZORPAY_API_SECRET= YOUR_API_SECRET
ACCESS_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

To generate your RAZORPAY Key's you can refer this video - https://youtu.be/7TX7DErMvVE?si=QWtLVXLPRNpdUovk

### 9. Install dependencies

Install the server dependencies by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

or

```bash
yarn install
```

### 10.Run the Server

```bash
npm start
```

### That's it you are good to go

# ✨ Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia" />
</a>

Commit message:

Added forgot password feature with one link reset link and the link in the email for setting the password will be active only for 5 minutes.Used Jwt tokens and cookies to make it much more secure.

README.md, after:

### Live Preview
![image](https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/assets/98728916/91480dd7-a187-4a10-aae8-fdff9dd22904)


# 🤎Brewtopia🤎
<p align='left'>
 <p align='left'>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/stargazers'><img alt='Stars' src='https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/forks'><img alt='Forks' src='https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href='https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/blob/main/LICENSE'><img alt='License' src='https://img.shields.io/github/license/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=abc0d3'/></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
 </p>
</p>

Brewtopia, a MERN stack-powered cafe management platform. Seamlessly add coffee and tea blends to your cart, with secure checkout and swift delivery. Join a tech-savvy community, leverage personalized recommendations, and elevate your cafe experience with our cutting-edge MERN architecture. Explore, code, and brew with Brewtopia!

Check it out live at https://brewtopia.netlify.app/

## Contributing Guidelines
- The contributors _will be allowed to work on the issue **ONLY** after it has been assigned to them_.
- The contributions will be counted only for the time period of the event, after the time period ends contributions can be taken in but wont be counted for the final evaluation.
- Tampering or any unethical behaviour to the files or other participants will result in immediate disqualification.
- Each PR must be associated with only ONE issue.
- Don't open pull requests with minor text edits on other people's repositories.
- Don't create multiple issue request for one issue.

### _**❌ Your code making any errors in production will result in pr revert**_
### _**✅ Test by yourself in local environment before making a pr**_

## Getting Started

To run this application on your local machine, follow the steps below:

### 1. Fork the Repository

Fork the repository on GitHub by clicking the "Fork" button on the top right of the repository page. This creates a copy of the repository under your GitHub account.

### 2. Clone the Forked Repository

Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:your-username/Brewtopia.git
```

### 3. Navigate to the Client Directory

Change into the project directory using the following command:

```bash
cd client
```
### 4. Make .env file below is the Example

```bash
REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:5000
```

### 5. Install dependencies

Install the project dependencies by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

or

```bash
yarn install
```

### 6. Run the Client Application

```bash
npm start
```

### 7. Now, Navigate to the Server Directory

```bash
cd server
```

### 8. Make .env file below is the Example

```bash
PORT = 5000
DB =  YOUR_MONGODB_TESTING_URL
RAZORPAY_API_KEY = YOUR_API_KEY
RAZORPAY_API_SECRET= YOUR_API_SECRET
ACCESS_URL=http://localhost:3000
FROM_EMAIL_ADDRESS=YOUR_EMAIL_ADDRESS
GOOGLE_APP_PASSWORD=YOUR_GOOGLE_APP_PASSWORD
```

To generate your RAZORPAY Key's you can refer this video - https://youtu.be/7TX7DErMvVE?si=QWtLVXLPRNpdUovk

To generate your google app password go to security tab in your settings and find app passwords and set it there.

### 9. Install dependencies

Install the server dependencies by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

or

```bash
yarn install
```

### 10.Run the Server

```bash
npm start
```

### That's it you are good to go

# ✨ Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Open-Source-Chandigarh/Brewtopia" />
</a>
